In the locker room, somebody looks at me.
I make straight heterosexual eye contact with them.
I don't around. Look at my, if they look at my, I look back. I go,
that's what happened, baby? That's what God gave me.
I got that Pat, Pat, Pat.
I got that pap dude.
I don't, you know, I'm not covering my enough in the locker room.
I'm not covering my and a locker room. Dude.
That's like an M and M lyric and the lack of room
and room.
I'm not the kind of gown coming to the CAC and his luck.
You got it seem a little penis and meanness and being a Dean is go home.
Do not mix me up with a gang. Okay.
Cummins is CAC and through to, he runs everything for real,
none of that rhymes do not mix
[inaudible] and everyone was like, Whoa, how does he find everything that runs?
He doesn't dude, you never find a penis to mean it's Dean. Dean is a bean.
It's only in the bean Nina's and then ring them. Williams,
peanuts, peanuts, Serena Williams, Serena Williams. Doesn't run with penis,
Forrest Gump, and an orange Trump be like, all right, I guess
I'm a forest Gump Marine, orange Trump.
But I'm thinking one of mine is going to come from a character
[inaudible] and dude,
and 45 year old white dudes are like, that's so good.
How 45 years old is it to like M and M and S and think he's the best rapper.
I'm not dogging on Eminem, dude.
The guy's one of the best rappers of all time.
It's just so funny to think of a 45 year old guy named like Derek.
That's just like, Oh man, Eminem is the greatest rapper, right? Like that.
You know what that is? That's so lucky.
And yadda dad to think M and M is so it's.
So dad from Pasadena to be like, I'm an M is, is,
is great because he's a lyricist, like it's, some of his stuff is poetry.
Some of the stuff is poetry. You know, a guy, a white guy.
Who's 45 that has beige hair and wears Dockers has said that
a million guys like that have said that literally a million, I don't,
I'm not really into his, when he's talking about penis and Serena Williams,
but you know that in the locker room lyric.
Yeah. But like you don't get to show your in public at all.
I'm walking around in the locker room with my hands up. I was like,
I'm at a rap show, hands up, put your hands up,
put your hands up.
Like you were in the locker room and you ain't got no pants on and crystal it
and put your hands up.
[inaudible] I mean, Sabbat,
Sabbat.